Overview
This Privacy Policy details the information collected by Levire UG (haftungsbeschränkt) & Co. KG ("Levire", "we," "us" or "our") via שנ"צ בתחב"צ and our usage of this information.

Which information is transmitted to Levire?
שנ"צ בתחב"צ doesn’t collect any information about the User, which will be transmitted to us. All the data שנ"צ בתחב"צ uses, is only saved on the device and will be erased as soon as the App gets removed from the device.

Which information is transmitted to Apple?
שנ"צ בתחב"צ transmits, apart from the usual data transmitted to Apple using Apps, one additional bit of information, determining Users, which deactivated advertising through an In-App-Purchase. This information will be stored in the iCloud-Account associated with the device and will be only used to deactivate advertisement for these users.

More information on what data Apple collects, how it is stored and used is available here: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/

Which information is transmitted to Vungle?
Vungle is providing the advertisement in שנ"צ בתחב"צ. In order to show users, relevant and non-repetitive advertisement the following information may be transmitted:

IP Address, MAC Address, IFA, UDID, and other unique identifiers;
Activities within שנ"צ בתחב"צ;
Language information, device make and model, device connection, time zone and city, state-level location information, and operating system type, name, and version;
Information about the mobiles apps that a user currently has installed on their device; and
Information about the ads an end-user has already been displayed, so that we can optimize the ads we display later.
This data will be used

To display ads to end users, to customize the ads we display to end users and to optimize the display of video ads;
For performance tracking and frequency capping, such as tracking views of ads, as well as clickthroughs and installs of apps that have been advertised;
For billing purposes;
To provide aggregated reports to Publishers and Advertisers; and
To improve our the service of Vungle and for other research and analytical purposes; and
To send Vungle’s customers marketing and promotional information; Vungle does not send such communications to our end users.
Vungle may disclose this information to publishers, institutions (for legal purposes) and other third-party partner.

The data above will only be transmitted to Vungle, if the user agrees to it in the respective form shown in the app prior to the first serving of advertisement. If the user doesn’t agree שנ"צ בתחב"צ can still be utilized fully. This decision can be revoked or changed in the settings menu at any time.

More information on what data Vungle collects, how it is stored and used is available here: https://vungle.com/privacy/

Which data is transmitted to Mail Chimp?
שנ"צ בתחב"צ offers users the possibility to subscribe to a mailing list. This mailing list will be used to inform subscribers about new developments regarding שנ"צ בתחב"צ and other products of Levire. To send out these newsletters Levire utilizes the services of Mail Chimp LLC.

In this regard, שנ"צ בתחב"צ transmits the name, email address and IP address only, if the user fills out the internal form. After that the user will also receive an additional email to opt-in to the mailing list. If the user wants to unsubscribe or change his stored information, every mail provides links to the respective functions. Additionally to that Mail Chimp may collect other information such as language, country, preferred mail client, opened newsletter emails and clicked links in these newsletter emails via interactions with the newsletter mails.

More information on what data Mail Chimp collects, how it is stored and used is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/

Support requests can be made via email
You may contact us via email in regard to any support enquiries. Any information provided in this request, including your email address, will only be used to provide support. Any support requests from individuals identifying themselves as under 13 years of age will only be used to respond to said request, and will be immediately and irretrievably deleted as soon as the request has been resolved.

Information sharing disclosure
Any information received from you, such as your email address or support information, will not be shared with anyone. However if required, we will share your email address or support request information to protect the security or integrity of Levire's applications and websites, in taking precautions against liability and to comply with judicial or law-enforcement requests.

Third-party site links
Our websites and applications may contain links to third-party websites and services for which we claim no responsibility for the privacy practices or content therein.

What happens in case of a data leak?
In the unlikely case that data is optained illegally from any of our third-party partners, they need to inform us about that incident and we will then forward this information to you within 48 hours.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will only use your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy at the time the information was provided. If there is a change to the Privacy Policy, you will be contacted prior to the change taking effect, if possible.

Contact
If you have any queries or concerns in regard to this Privacy Policy, please contact us via our website or info@levire.com.

Last Updated: 8. january 2023
